The demo applications in this directory showcase JDIC API 
functionalities, and how to use the JDIC API packages.

Run the demos using the following instructions (assuming java command 
is under your PATH):

Windows

  java -classpath ..\..\jdic.jar;. -Djava.library.path=..\..\ <class name>

Unix

  java -classpath ../../jdic.jar:. -Djava.library.path=../../ <class name>

where <class name> is the same as the application's name, such as FileExplorer,
FileChooser, FileTypes, SimpleBrowser, Browser, and Tray. 

Or:

follow the installation instructions in the project website: 
https://jdic.dev.java.net, or in the README.html file included in the 
distribution to set CLASSPATH and java.library.path first, then use:

  java <class name> 


FileExplorer
------------

  A simple file viewer that allows the users to browse the files 
  and folders on local drives or surf URLs with the native browser.
  It demonstrates functionality of the package org.jdesktop.jdic.desktop.

  Right-clicking a selected file brings up a popup menu. The items 
  in this menu - Open, Edit, Print, Browse, and Mail to - correspond 
  to methods in the org.jdesktop.jdic.desktop.Desktop class.

  At the upper right of the GUI is a "Browse" button. Clicking it 
  launches the default native browser to display the item specified 
  by the address text field, which can be a local file path or an URL. 
  This correspends to the method browse(URL) of the 
  org.jdesktop.jdic.desktop.Desktop class.


FileChooser
-----------

  A Swing application that uses a JFileChooser component to browse 
  local files or surf an URL on the internet. It's another application
  demonstrating the functionality of package org.jdesktop.jdic.desktop.
  
  The buttons on the right side of the JFileChooser component correspond 
  to methods provided in the org.jdesktop.jdic.desktop.Desktop class.
  
  The URL text field and "Browse" button in the bottom correspond to 
  browse(URL) method provided in the org.jdesktop.jdic.desktop.Desktop 
  class.


FileTypes
---------

  A dialog demonstrating functionality of the package
  org.jdesktop.jdic.filetypes. 
  
  The operations in the left panel correspond to methods in 
  AssociationService class. The fields in the right panel consist of 
  an Association object, the fields are associated with a particular 
  file type.


SimpleBrowser
-------------

  A Swing application embedding the JDIC browser component to display 
  a given URL. It demonstrates functionality of the package 
  org.jdesktop.jdic.browser, an AWT component.
  
  Using JDIC browser component is just like using Swing JEditorPane 
  component. This demo includes the basic code to embed it in a Swing 
  application.


Browser
-------

  A simple browser application that demonstrates the functionality of 
  the package org.jdesktop.jdic.browser. 
  
  This demo embeds a browser component into the swing application
  to render the HTML page specified in the URL text field. The top-left 
  buttons allow the user to go forward and back and to reload and stop 
  loading pages. The status bar reflects the browser's current state.

Tray
----

  A demo application using the Tray Icon API (package org.jdesktop.jdic.tray).
  
  It creates a tray icon on the desktop, with a caption (text), an animated 
  icon, and an associated Swing menu containing icons. It also has a tooltip 
  displayed when the mouse hovers over the tray icon.
  
  For Windows platforms, the tray icon is created in the System Tray Area. 
  For Unix platforms, it's created in the Notification Area.
